updated plugin following best practice from issue#10. (#33)
fastify/fastify-rate-limit: README.md

```js
const fastify = require('fastify')()

fastify.register(require('fastify-rate-limit'),
  {
    global : false,
    max: 3000, // default global max rate limit
    whitelist: ['192.168.0.10'], // global whitelist access. 
    redis: redis, // connection to redis
    whiteListInRedis: true, // will store the whitelist and check in redis instead of array.
    skipOnError: false // default false
    // keyGenerator: function(req) { /* ... */ }, // default (req) => req.raw.ip
  })

fastify.get('/', {
  config: {
    rateLimit: {
      max: 3,
      timeWindow: '1 minute'
    }
  }
}, (req, reply) => {
  reply.send({ hello: 'from ... root' })
})

fastify.get('/private', {
  config: {
    rateLimit: {
      max: 3,
      whitelist: ['127.0.2.1', '127.0.3.1'],
      timeWindow: '1 minute'
    }
  }
}, (req, reply) => {
  reply.send({ hello: 'from ... private' })
})

fastify.get('/public', (req, reply) => {
  reply.send({ hello: 'from ... public' })
})

fastify.get('/public/sub-rated-1', {
  config: {
    rateLimit: {
      timeWindow: '1 minute',
      whitelist: ['127.0.0.1'],

>       onExceeding: function (req) {

Reviewer: Why did you add include `reply` as well?

Author: this is in case the user would like to retrieve the ip or other information from the current request. 

But if it's doing intensive tasks not sure that's really useful, also it should maybe be async/await, what do you think.

Your call.

Reviewer: Thanks, this is as good as it is now, maybe in a later PR.

>         console.log('callback on exceededing ... executed before response to client. req is give as argument')

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        console.log('callback on exceededing ... executed before response to client')
```

  {
    global : false,
    max: 3000, // default global max rate limit
    whitelist: ['192.168.0.10'], // global whitelist access. 
    redis: redis, // connection to redis
    whiteListInRedis: true, // will store the whitelist and check in redis instead of array.
    skipOnError: false // default false
    // keyGenerator: function(req) { /* ... */ }, // default (req) => req.raw.ip
  })

fastify.get('/', {
  config: {
    rateLimit: {
      max: 3,
      timeWindow: '1 minute'
    }
  }
}, (req, reply) => {
  reply.send({ hello: 'from ... root' })
})

fastify.get('/private', {
  config: {
    rateLimit: {
      max: 3,
      whitelist: ['127.0.2.1', '127.0.3.1'],
      timeWindow: '1 minute'
    }
  }
}, (req, reply) => {
  reply.send({ hello: 'from ... private' })
})

fastify.get('/public', (req, reply) => {
  reply.send({ hello: 'from ... public' })
})

fastify.get('/public/sub-rated-1', {
  config: {
    rateLimit: {
      timeWindow: '1 minute',
      whitelist: ['127.0.0.1'],
<<<<<<< HEAD
      onExceeding: function (req) {},
=======
      onExceeding: function (req) {
        console.log('callback on exceededing ... executed before response to client')
      },

> >>>>>>> 6c3daf23c35af4d1d62ff685699f2e466386424a

Reviewer: This should be fixed.

Author: Yes sorry .. problem during the merge ...
